#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
blosc2==3.8.0
    # via tables
bokeh==3.8.0
    # via dask
certifi==2025.7.9
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cftime==1.6.4.post1
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2024.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-expr
    #   distributed
dask-expr==1.1.21
    # via dask
distributed==2024.12.1
    # via dask
fiona==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
fonttools==4.60.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via dask
geopandas==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h5py==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lz4==4.4.4
    # via dask
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   blosc2
    #   distributed
narwhals==2.5.0
    # via bokeh
ndindex==1.10.0
    # via blosc2
netcdf4==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numexpr==2.13.0
    # via
    #   blosc2
    #   tables
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blosc2
    #   bokeh
    #   cftime
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   geopandas
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   rasterio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   tables
    #   xarray
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   geopandas
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   tables
    #   xarray
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-expr
    #   geopandas
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via blosc2
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==7.1.0
    # via distributed
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   blosc2
    #   tables
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-expr
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blosc2
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via -r requirements.in
tables==3.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tblib==3.1.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   tables
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
xarray==2023.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via bokeh
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
